aquarium
arcade
art gallery
bowling alley
casino
circus
comedy club
concert hall
country dance club
disc golf
general entertainment
go kart
historic site
laser tag
mini golf
movie theater
museum
art museum
history museum
planetarium
science museum
music venue
jazz club
piano bar
rock club
outdoor sculpture
performing arts venue
dance studio
indie theater
opera house
theater
pool hall
public art
racetrack
roller rink
salsa club
stadium
baseball stadium
basketball stadium
cricket ground
football stadium
hockey arena
soccer stadium
tennis
track stadium
street art
theme park
theme park ride
water park
zoo
academic building
communications building
engineering building
history building
math building
science building
technology building
administrative building
auditorium
bookstore
cafeteria
classroom
gym
lab
library
quad
rec center
residence hall
stadium
baseball diamond
basketball court
cricket pitch
football field
hockey rink
soccer field
tennis court
track
theater
community college
fraternity house
college
law school
medical school
sorority house
student center
trade school
university
conference
convention
festival
music festival
other event
parade
stoop sale
street fair
afghan restaurant
african restaurant
american restaurant
argentinian restaurant
asian restaurant
BBQ joint
bagel shop
bakery
bistro
breakfast spot
bubble tea shop
buffet
burger joint
burrito place
cafeteria
caf√©
creole restaurant
coffee shop
comfort food restaurant
creperie
cuban restaurant
cupcake shop
czech restaurant
deli / bodega
dessert shop
dim sum restaurant
diner
distillery
donut shop
dumpling restaurant
eastern european restaurant
english restaurant
ethiopian restaurant
falafel restaurant
fast food restaurant
filipino restaurant
fish & chips shop
fondue restaurant
food truck
french restaurant
fried chicken joint
gastropub
german restaurant
gluten-free restaurant
greek restaurant
bougatsa shop
cretan restaurant
fish taverna
grilled meat restaurant
halal restaurant
hawaiian restaurant
hot dog joint
hotpot restaurant
hungarian restaurant
ice cream shop
indian restaurant
north indian restaurant
meatball place
irish pub
italian restaurant
japanese restaurant
jewish restaurant
juice bar
korean restaurant
kosher restaurant
latin american restaurant
empanada restaurant
mac & cheese joint
malaysian restaurant
mediterranean restaurant
mexican restaurant
middle eastern restaurant
modern european restaurant
molecular gastronomy restaurant
mongolian restaurant
moroccan restaurant
new american restaurant
pakistani restaurant
persian restaurant
peruvian restaurant
pie shop
pizza place
polish restaurant
portuguese restaurant
ramen / noodle house
restaurant
romanian restaurant
russian restaurant
salad place
sandwich place
scandinavian restaurant
seafood restaurant
snack place
soup place
south american restaurant
soul food restaurant
souvlaki shop
spanish restaurant
paella restaurant
sri lankan restaurant
steakhouse
sushi restaurant
swiss restaurant
taco place
tapas restaurant
tatar restaurant
tea room
thai restaurant
tibetan restaurant
turkish restaurant
doner restaurant
home cooking restaurant
kebab restaurant
ukrainian restaurant
west-ukrainian restaurant
vegan restaurant
vietnamese restaurant
winery
wings joint
frozen yogurt
nightlife spot
bar
beach bar
beer garden
brewery
champagne bar
cocktail bar
dive bar
gay bar
hookah bar
hotel bar
karaoke bar
lounge
night market
nightclub
other nightlife
pub
sake bar
speakeasy
sports bar
strip club
whisky bar
wine bar
outdoors & recreation
athletics & sports
badminton court
baseball field
basketball court
bowling green
golf course
hockey field
paintball field
rugby pitch
skate park
skating rink
soccer field
sports club
squash court
tennis court
volleyball court
bath house
bathing area
beach
nudist beach
surf spot
botanical garden
bridge
campground
castle
cemetery
dive spot
dog run
farm
field
fishing spot
forest
garden
gun range
harbor / marina
hot spring
island
lake
lighthouse
mountain
national park
nature preserve
great outdoors
palace
park
pedestrian plaza
playground
plaza
pool
rafting
recreation center
river
rock climbing spot
scenic lookout
sculpture garden
ski area
apres ski bar
ski chairlift
ski chalet
ski lodge
ski trail
stable
city
county
country
neighborhood
state
town
village
summer camp
trail
tree
vineyard
volcano
well
animal shelter
auditorium
building
club house
community center
convention center
meeting room
cultural center
distribution center
event space
factory
fair
funeral home
government building
capitol building
city hall
courthouse
embassy
fire station
monument
police station
town hall
library
medical center
acupuncturist
alternative healer
chiropractor
dentist's office
doctor's office
emergency room
eye doctor
hospital
laboratory
mental health office
veterinarian
military base
non-profit
office
advertising agency
campaign office
conference room
coworking space
tech startup
parking
post office
prison
radio station
recruiting agency
school
circus school
driving school
elementary school
flight school
high school
language school
middle school
music school
nursery school
preschool
private school
religious school
swim school
social club
spiritual center
buddhist temple
church
hindu temple
monastery
mosque
prayer room
shrine
synagogue
temple
tv station
voting booth
warehouse
residence
assisted living
home
housing development
residential building
trailer park
shop & service
atm
adult boutique
antique shop
arts & crafts store
astrologer
auto garage
automotive shop
baby store
bank
betting shop
big box store
bike shop
board shop
bookstore
bridal shop
business service
camera store
candy store
car dealership
car wash
carpet store
check cashing service
chocolate shop
christmas market
clothing store
accessories store
boutique
kids store
lingerie store
men's store
shoe store
women's store
comic shop
construction & landscaping
convenience store
cosmetics shop
costume shop
credit union
daycare
department store
design studio
discount store
dive shop
pharmacy
dry cleaner
ev charging station
electronics store
event service
fabric shop
financial or legal service
fireworks store
fishing store
flea market
flower shop
food & drink shop
beer store
butcher
cheese shop
farmers market
fish market
food court
gourmet shop
grocery store
health food store
liquor store
organic grocery
street food gathering
supermarket
wine shop
frame store
fruit & vegetable store
furniture / home store
gaming cafe
garden center
gas station
gift shop
gun shop
gym / fitness center
boxing gym
climbing gym
cycle studio
gym pool
gymnastics gym
gym
martial arts dojo
track
yoga studio
hardware store
herbs & spices store
hobby shop
home service
hunting supply
IT services
internet cafe
jewelry store
knitting store
laundromat
laundry service
lawyer
leather goods store
locksmith
lottery retailer
luggage store
mall
marijuana dispensary
market
massage studio
mattress store
miscellaneous shop
mobile phone shop
motorcycle shop
music store
nail salon
newsstand
optical shop
other repair shop
outdoor supply store
outlet store
office supplies store
pawn shop
perfume shop
pet service
pet store
photography lab
piercing parlor
pop-up shop
print shop
real estate office
record shop
recording studio
recycling facility
salon / barbershop
shipping store
shoe repair
smoke shop
smoothie shop
souvenir shop
spa
sporting goods shop
stationery store
storage facility
tailor shop
tanning salon
tattoo parlor
thrift / vintage store
toy / game store
travel agency
used bookstore
video game store
video store
warehouse store
watch repair shop
travel & transport
airport
airport food court
airport gate
airport lounge
airport terminal
airport tram
plane
bike rental / bike share
boat or ferry
border crossing
bus station
bus line
bus stop
cable car
general travel
hotel
bed & breakfast
boarding house
hostel
hotel pool
motel
resort
roof deck
intersection
light rail
moving target
pier
RV park
rental car location
rest area
road
street
subway
taxi stand
taxi
toll booth
toll plaza
tourist information center
train station
platform
train
tram
transportation service
travel lounge
tunnel
