coffee
olive
celery
tea
radish
mashed potato
boiled potato
fruit
milk
chicken salad
vanilla ice cream
cocoa
cheese
lettuce salad
lobster salad
chocolate
string bean
apple pie
sardine
orange
american cheese
green pea
assorted cake
french fried potato
potato salad
baked potato
stewed prune
roquefort
ham
roast beef
apple
chocolate ice cream
stewed tomato
banana
sliced tomato
lima bean
camembert
roquefort cheese
cigar
cucumber
ice cream
swiss cheese
tomato juice
cracker
spinach
cream cheese
cafe
lettuce
raisin
sirloin steak
cauliflower
grape
blue point
cup custard
petits four
orange
french pea
fruit
buttermilk
tomato salad
iced tea
corned beef
succotash
lobster cocktail
cucumber salad
dessert
cigarette
brussels sprout
romaine salad
lyonnaise potato
marmalade
grape fruit
apple sauce
tongue
camembert cheese
bread and butter
little neck
chow chow
chicken
roast beef
milk toast
watermelon
macaroon
fried eggplant
shrimp cocktail
club sandwich
pear
chicken sandwich
broiled ham
baked apple
ham sandwich
strawberry ice cream
mutton chop
lamb chop
corned beef hash
brie
cafe noir
pastry
sweet pickle
cold ham
coffee ice cream
roman punch
smoked salmon
peach melba
fruit salad
shrimp salad
assorted cake
stewed corn
asparagus
tenderloin steak
ham and egg
scrambled egg
fried potato
sauterne
pumpkin pie
orange juice
fried egg
iced coffee
rice pudding
pear
boiled egg
escarole salad
baked apple
oatmeal
nut
chicory salad
salad
peach pie
maraschino
cafe parfait
half grapefruit
buttered toast
green olive
caviar
neapolitan ice cream
fig
turkish coffee
cream toast
clam chowder
beet
cantaloupe
gorgonzola
bacon and egg
stuffed olive
artichoke
combination salad
tongue sandwich
oyster cocktail
ginger ale
orange marmalade
sliced cucumber
tomato
grapefruit
cape cod
anchovy
pickle
lemonade
turkey
gherkin
lamb
gruyere
neufchatel
cocktail sauce
toast
roll
oyster stew
liqueur
lemon water
hominy
almond
pound cake
fried sweet potato
vanilla ice cream
celery salad
new pea
grapefruit juice
chicken broth
gorgonzola cheese
waldorf salad
sherry
plum
pork chop
stewed tomato
fruit cocktail
sweet potato
coffee
salted nut
pickled beet
stewed prune
creamed spinach
saute potato
green pea
radis
small steak
hot roll
cake
chicken salad
johannis
cold corned beef
russian dressing
port
tomato
mashed turnip
french pea
clam broth
apple pie
cake
french dressing
cream
virginia ham
lima bean
watercress
brie cheese
candied sweet potato
little neck clam
sardine sandwich
green corn
watercress salad
crab flake cocktail
shirred egg
raspberry water ice
roast chicken
lady finger
strawberries and cream
manhattan
pineapple juice
tomato juice cocktail
potato au gratin
congress water
currant jelly
graham bread
fresh fruit
apple
lettuce salad
cucumber
absinthe
stuffed celery
curaçao
dill pickle
pineapple
pickled walnut
preserves
lobster salad
martini
plain omelette
tomato soup
mallard duck
roast mutton
boiled potato
baked sweet potato
vermouth
pommard
broiled bacon
hamburger steak
hashed browned potato
lobster
cottage cheese
potato
english breakfast tea
honey
peach
endive salad
strawberry
clam juice
cold tongue
romaine
boiled onion
filet mignon
prime ribs
string bean
french string bean
mayonnaise
custard pie
french bread
tomato salad
oyster
mayonnaise
roast beef sandwich
julienne potato
fried oyster
mixed ice cream
spring lamb
danish pastry
cucumber salad
lemon ice
date
oolong tea
corn muffin
stilton cheese
anchovy salad
baked potato
cape cod oyster
pineapple
raisin cake
strawberry short cake
honey dew melon
french fried potato
kaffee hag
poached egg
hashed brown potato
corn bread
asparagus
fancy cake
escarole
pistachio ice cream
guava
tomato juice
lima bean
fresh fruit salad
bacon
fruit cake
baked apple
fried ham
toasted cracker
american cheese
mashed potato
corned beef sandwich
tom collins
new string bean
chocolate ice cream
stilton
royal squab
celeri
porterhouse steak
stuffed tomato
coffee with cream
potato salad
vegetable soup
clam fritter
pea
chablis
stuffed mango
corned beef and cabbage
whiskey sour
sauerkraut juice
romaine salad
cafe
hearts of lettuce
roast turkey
sliced orange
broiled chicken
smoked beef
sliced pineapple
squash
jam
strawberry shortcake
gruyere cheese
chicory
fresh milk
meringue glace
iced tea
wine jelly
stewed rhubarb
rice
buttered beet
cream of tomato soup
mock turtle soup
spaghetti
stuffed tomato
apricot
plain omelet
sponge cake
mushroom
strawberry
roast beef sandwich
broccoli
kippered herring
lemon meringue pie
au gratin potato
daiquiri
thousand island dressing
saratoga potato
grand marnier
pistachio ice cream
broiled spring chicken
cointreau
grapefruit
macaroni
hot chocolate
salat
cherry
green tea
mashed potato
stuffed green peppers
mixed nuts
peach ice cream
sliced orange
rice cake
french roll
sarsaparilla
shredded wheat
tangerine
apricot brandy
grapefruit supreme
pickled onion
american
milk toast
iced coffee
rhubarb pie
cold cut
cheese sandwich
rice pudding
pork and bean
chutney
orange sherbet
chocolate parfait
lobster cocktail
haut sauterne
apricot water ice
swiss
apple
cranberry sauce
tapioca pudding
apricot pie
american cheese
club sandwich
roast lamb
gin fizz
cheesecake
cauliflower au gratin
chocolate éclair
coconut pie
cherry pie
prune
ham omelet
raspberry sherbet
green pea
apple pie
martini cocktail
fried oysters
strawberry ice cream
milk
fried eggs
sliced peach
celeri
roastbeef
rum
baked bean
caviar
lemon sherbet
dandelion salad
camembert cheese
lemon soda
port salut
combination salad
breakfast bacon
egg plant
omelet
rye bread
manhattan cocktail
fried clam
cole slaw
ox tongue
corn fritter
french asparagus
baked potato
potato croquette
caramel custard
crabmeat cocktail
strawberry ice cream
champagne
clam stew
asparagus tip
chicken salad sandwich
mixed green salad
watercress salad
chef's salad
sliced chicken
camembert cheese
celery salad
champagne cocktail
cocktail
grape nuts
blueberry pie
eclair
ice cream
julienne
stewed pear
soft shell crab
crackers and milk
butter
assorted fruit
stinger
lettuce and tomato
saucisson de lyon
boiled rice
raspberry
caviar sandwich
french toast
anchovy
side car
potato
coffee
salami
chicken okra soup
bacardi cocktail
california orange
apple sauce
neapolitan ice cream
endive salad
beef
cognac
macon
neapolitan
figs in syrup
lady fingers
stuffed fig
oatmeal porridge
mixed salad
cheese omelette
strawberry jam
fried scallop
oyster fry
fresh mackerel
grape juice
fried onion
fresh strawberry and cream
bologna sausage
assorted nut
chicken sandwich
chicken
clear green turtle
biscuit
fried bacon
blackberry
coca cola
salted almond
young onion
onions
club soda
beef rib
roast lamb
cream cheese
squab chicken
shrimp
concombre
steamed rice
coffee ice cream
crab meat salad
rice and milk
lobster
fresh asparagus
venison
sparkling moselle
ham sandwich
gin rickey
cocktail
head cheese
cold lamb
hot mince pie
assorted fresh fruit
soup du jour
scotch grouse
cold rice pudding
brandy peach
plain lemonade
coffee
roast turkey
cranberry sauce
sherry flip
mango
fried sweet potato
fish cakes
claret punch
westphalia ham
lamb
mint sauce
rolls and butter
spinach with egg
fried smelt
oyster stew
maple syrup
coffee
smoked beef tongue
strawberries with cream
corn cake
ham omelette
waffle
spanish omelet
sloe gin
glass of milk
brandy
vermouth
shirred egg
salmon salad
silver fizz
crab salad
alligator pear
caviar canape
prune juice
tongue sandwich
mock turtle
new asparagus
gumbo
malted milk
chicken soup
capon
corn flake
hors d'oeuvres
ham and egg
ribs of prime beef
beef tongue
cream
sauerkraut
stewed oyster
sloe gin fizz
american coffee
fresh mushroom
lemon pie
pie
cold consomme
chocolate sundae
dill pickle
pink lady
bacon and egg
broiled chicken
country sausage
turnip
waldorf salad
baked apple
liver sausage
boston cream pie
spring onions
lamb chop
tomato broth
roast beef
roast potato
fruits in season
eclair
spring chicken
cauliflower
hashed browned potato
corn fritter
fruit salad
lemon water ice
caviar on toast
spring turkey
clam broth
lemon ice cream
jamaica rum
water cracker
chocolate layer cake
apple fritter
pineapple water ice
french sardine
fresh fruit cup
long island duckling
cream toast
boiled onion
french vanilla ice cream
jelly
ginger
lamb chop
pumpkin pie
olive
sliced cucumber
vegetable salad
german fried potato
